welcome to the man of recaps this is mr.
robot season 2 at the end of season 1 a
hacker group f society hacks Corp and
erased all day the man behind it was
Elliot Alderson and he was joined at the
last minute by tyrell wellick former a
corp executive tyrella suspects number 1
and he has gone into hiding
elias also hiding in his bedroom at the
end of last season he found out that
Christian Slater mr. robot was actually
his own split personality based off his
dead father
so Elliot's run home to his mom's house
he doesn't have much of a relationship
with her but that's fine by him he keeps
to a strict schedule hoping to keep mr.
robot away elliott spends most of his
time with his friend Leon who's a
hilarious dude but binging through
Seinfeld and talks about it non-stop
that's just fine by Elliot too because
he rarely ever says anything out loud
but nothing works mr. robot keeps coming
back he wants Elliot to get back to work
there's more hacktivism to be done you
see e corp was hurt by the v 9 hack but
not as much as you think in fact it was
a good excuse for them to release their
own cryptocurrency e coin which has now
arguably made them more powerful than
ever
so f society keeps fighting the good
fight that are hugely popular now
everyone wants to join and with Elliot
m.i.a his sister Darlene is in command
but one day one of their original crew
Romero turns up dead this freaks them
all out they have no idea who did it or
if their next FBI agent Dominique de
Pierrot is on the case and very quickly
she finds F society's original arcade
hangout so f society brings in Angela
moss Elliot and Darlene's childhood
friend she's working for evil Corp now
hoping to change things from the inside
with limited success but the CEO Phillip
price has taken a special interest in
her it's not like overtly sexual but
there's something weird anyway since the
hack the FBI has a headquarters in the
Ecore building so as society has Angela
sneaked in there and they walk her
through a little easy hacking and they
get in the FBI system now back to Elliot
he meets Darryl from the office who's
got some website he needs Elliot's help
to get running but turns out it's a dark
web marketplace with sex trafficking and
stuff Elliot's not okay with that so he
gets it shut down this pisses off guys
who are making money from it so Elliot's
in trouble but he's saved by Leon who's
got master knife skills
turns out Leon works for the dark army
the Chinese hacker
the F Society partnered with and he was
tasked with protecting Elliott Ellie had
still been seeing his therapist Krista
and she drops the big twist of this
season on him you know you haven't been
staying with your mother right I know
what Elliott's
in jail yeah turns out the whole mom's
house thing was just a coping mechanism
and a lot of it makes more sense if you
realize that the mysterious knock on his
door that ended season one it was the
cops coming to arrest him for hacking
but not the F Society hack they got him
for hacking the guy that Krista was
dating who had a secret family and
Elliott stole his dog elsewhere F
society had hacked this Ecore pigs ex
smart house to make her leave town and
Darlene claimed it as their new
headquarters unfortunately she comes
home they're not sure what to do with
her but turns out she was on the legal
team that shut down the case about the
Washington Township chemical leak that
killed Elliott and Darlene's dad and
Angela's mom so Darlene decides the best
thing to do is to kill her
oh no they gotta leave that house and
the FBI find evidence of this guy who is
F society's dark army contact and also
incidentally Darlene's boyfriend but
before the cops can get him the dark
army comes and kills him so he can't
talk yeah the dark armies not just some
hacker group there are seriously
hardcore shadow army after the shooting
the feds picked up Darlene and let her
in on some bad news they know basically
everything they haven't brought him in
yet because they want the man in the
middle who they think is Tyrell so
Darlene has no choice but to work for
them
meanwhile Angela's using her newfound
hacking skills to access the files at e
corp about the Washington Township leak
turns out the reason e Corp was so keen
to cover it up is because it's not just
your average chemical leak it's a secret
project of this Chinese minister and
this took me way too long to realize but
he is White Rose leader of the dark army
so Angela gets picked up and brought
into a very weird situation I thought
was a dream sequence but apparently it's
real she meets with White Rose and White
Rose tells Angela her secret plan but we
don't get to hear it yet finally Elliot
gets out of prison and the dark army
meets with him they're talking about
phase two and he's like what's phase two
this confuses them because phase two was
Elliot's plan yeah mr. robots been
keeping secrets from him again in fact
we still don't know anything
what happened the night of the hack so
Elliot follows the clues he left himself
and comes face to face with tyrell
wellick Tyrells been hiding out with the
help of the dark army and working on
their plan phase two you planned all of
that with him you can't look at it like
this you're me and I'm you to try to
undo the five nine hack Corp is shipping
all of their paper records across the
country to this one building in New York
and phase two is to blow it up mr.
robots like yeah I mean a few people
might die but it's all for the greater
good
Elliot's not ok with that though he
tries to stop it
Tyrell super confused like Elliott this
is your plan don't make me shoot you but
Elliott's like you can't shoot me I just
figured it out you're also one of my
split personalities Tyrells like okay
this kids bonkers and he shoots him
yeah Tyrell is very real and Elliott's
been shot that's how season two comes to
an end
[Music]